(electronic music)
(keyboard clicking)
In this section,
we're gonna take a look at trees.
Now some people say trees are data structures
and others say they're abstract data types.
It's a bit of a grey area,
because trees do dictate how to organise the data.
And you can write a tree using tree and tree note classes
and that's commonly done,
but you can also back certain types of trees with arrays.
And so it's a little bit of a grey area.
You'll hear them referred to as data structures
and as abstract data types.
So we're gonna start this section
by looking at the characteristics of trees, in general.
And then we're gonna move on
to a special type of tree, called a binary search tree,
because that's a tree that you'll probably use in practise.
And so let's get started.
I'll see you in the next video.